increase worker to 4096, enhanced monitor, process, and add redis cluster (#259)
matomo-org/plugin-QueuedTracking: docs/faq.md

`* * * * * cd /piwik && ./console queuedtracking:process >/dev/null 2>&1`

> Example Supervisor entry that will starts 16 processor/worker with 10 loop cycle times and auto restart:

Reviewer: Just some slight typo corrections:
```suggestion
Example Supervisor entry that will start 16 processors/workers with 10 loop cycle times and auto restart:
```

Author: honestly, i'm bad at writing documentation, especially in english 😄✌️. i'll fix it..
